To Install skeleton by hand instead of using the binary distribution perform
the following steps:

    0. To do skeleton mainenance icmake should be used. For this, a top-level
        script (build) and support scripts in the ./icmake/
        directory are available. Icmake is available on a great many
        architectures. See the file INSTALL (and INSTALL.im for further
        details. 

    1. Skip this UNLESS you're intending to compile skeleton under
            CYGWIN under Windows

        When compiling for CYGWIN, do as follows:

        a. Change the #define EXTENSION directive in INSTALL.im to:

            #define EXTENSION ".exe"

        b. The Bobcat library must be available under CYGWIN. As skeleton does
            not use all classes of the Bobcat library. When compiling Bobcat
            only for skeleton, replace Bobcat's CLASSES file by the file
            CLASSES.bobcat also found in this directory, then follow the
            compilation instructions provided with Bobcat.

        c. Note that CYGWIN is not an official target environment for
            skeleton. When encountering problems I may or may not be able to
            provide assistance.

    2. Inspect the values of the variables in the file INSTALL.im Modify these
       when necessary. The default skeleton filenames are compiled into
       skeleton through the definitions in parser/dataskel.cc

    3. Make sure the bobcat library has been installed. 

       (If you compile the bobcat library yourself, note that skeleton does
        not use the classes Milter and Xpointer; they may --as far as skeleton
        is concerned-- be left out of the library)

    4. Run 
            ./build program [strip]
        to compile skeleton. Optionally provide `strip' to strip the
        executable (not with PROFILE, see INSTALL.im)

    5. Run (probably as root) 
            ./build install
       to install. Optionally add an additional argument as a base directory
       below which the software should be installed. 

