To install the gpg-remailer by hand instead of using a binary distribution
perform the following steps:

    0. Gpg-remailer and its construction depends, in addition to the normally
        standard available system software on specific software and versions 
        which is documented in the file `required'.

       (If you compile the bobcat library yourself, note that gpg-remailer does
        not use the SSL, Milter and Xpointer classes; they may --as far as
        gpg-remailer is concerned-- be left out of the library by running
        './build light')

    1. It is expected you use icmake for the package construction. For this a
        top-level script (build) and support scripts in the ./icmake/
        directory are available. By default, the 'build' script echoes the
        commands it executes to the standard output stream. By specifying the
        option -q (e.g., ./build -q ...) this is prevented, significantly
        reducing the output generated by 'build'.

    2. Inspect the values of the variables in the file INSTALL.im Modify these
       when necessary.

    3. Run 
            ./build program [strip]
       to compile gpg-remailer. The argument `strip' is optional and strips
       symbolic information from the final executable.

    4. If you installed Yodl then you can create the documentation:
            ./build man 
        to build the man-page.

    5.  Before installing components of the gpg-remailer, consider defining
        the environment variable REMAILER, defining its value as the
        (preferably absolute) filename of a file on which installed files and
        directories are logged.  Defining the REMAILER environment variable as
        ~/.remailer usually works well.

    6. Installation of the software in the default locations (i.e,, without
        specifying a 'base' location, see the command below) probably requires
        root permissions.

        To install the software run:

            ./build install [base]

        This installs the gpg-remailer, its man page and standard
        documentation below 'base' in the locations defined in INSTALL.im. If
        you don't want to install a particular component remove the
        corresponding #define from INSTALL.im. By default 'base' is an empty
        string.

    7. Following the installation nothing in the directory tree which contains
        this file (i.e., INSTALL) is required for the proper functioning of
        the gpg-remailer, so consider removing it. If you only want to remove
        left-over files from the build-process, just run

            ./build distclean

    8.  Uninstalling previously installed components of the gpg-remailer
        (using ./build install ...) is easy if the environment variable
        REMAILER was defined when issuing the `./build install ...'
        command. In that case, run the command

            ./build uninstall

        This command only works if the environment variable REMAILER has the
        same value as was used with the `./build install' commands, and the
        file to which it refers still exists. In that case `./build uninstall'
        removes all installed files (unless they were modified) and removes
        all empty directories created by the `./build install ...'  command.
        Defining the REMAILER environment variable as ~/.rmailer usually works
        well.
